easy:CAT,A pet
easy:DOG,A loyal pet
easy:MAY,Following April
easy:BOY,A young man
easy:TIME,Goes in one direction only
easy:EGYPT,Country of the pyramids
easy:BLACK,The darkest color
easy:FISH,Lives in the sea
easy:OCTOPUS,Has 8 legs
easy:MONKEY,Loves Banana
easy:HTML,Markup language
easy:YOLO,You only live once
easy:HYUNDAI,Cars
medium:COMPUTER,Understands binary only
medium:ANDROID,Created by Google
medium:PYTHON,Programming language
medium:PIZZA,Italian food
medium:DISNEY,Where dreams come true!
medium:RADIUS,Half the diameter
medium:HATCHBACK,Car type
hard:FACEBOOK,Social network
hard:OTTAWA,Canada's capital
hard:CANBERRA,Australia's capital
hard:PACIFIC,Ocean
hard:YACHT,Seal in the sea
hard:PLANE,Airport
hard:PLAYGROUND,Break time
hard:MATHEMATICS,Find X
hard:GRANDMOTHER,A family member